Now once we have our age email let's set up our sea assess as well.
So like I said skipping that bar for now unknown.
Let's ride away start working on a hero.
So the hero had a class of hero.
That's the reason why we're targeting.
And let's just write.
Mean height to be hundred viewers.
Because if the content within this particular hero element is going to be less than run and view heads
while at the end of the day it's going to be under review Heights which is going to be a hundred percent
of the viewport whether that's a desktop or a mobile screen size.
Now I also said on the extra small screen size and small screen size I would want to have a background
that is just going to be our primary color because I wouldn't want to force our massive image on those
small screen sizes.
Then I also like to right away place the text in the center.
And since we have already covered flex box we know that if I would like to in fact get it in the center
I just need to use a line items as well as justify content for the horizontal center.
So first and foremost let's set this up as this play flex.
So it should be our parent container and then let's place it vertically and horizontal in the center.
So justify content center.
That place is horizontal in the center.
And also I would like to place it vertically in the center.
So let's right on the line items and I would also like to place it in the center right.
That's number one.
Well what else.
Now of course we would want to also start working in fact on our hero title correct.
So let's go for the hero title your own title and then as far as hero title is concerned we're gonna
set up a text transform to be in fact uppercase.
So let's write.
Text transform upper case uppercase.
And then what else we have we have a little bit of margin and bottom margin model is going to be let's
say to our rhythms.
And last but not least we are going to have some letter spacing so we're not gonna use.
In fact our generic one is gonna be a little bit bigger than our variable.
So I'm gonna go with zero point four.
And as you see we're working with hero title and that's the reason why we have right now a little bit
of in fact bigger margin in the bottom as well as the letter spacing.
Now remember before we had a hero title and was responsible for continually exploring we also had the
hero banner and this specifically was used again to place everything in the center.
Now even though it is sitting horizontal in a center there is currently one issue and the simple issue
is that we're going to have to target the hero banner and like so let's use text online also on center
because we would want to center our text as well because even though our device sitting in the center.
Well since we have here the text I would also like to place the text in center.
Then what else we can do.
Well as far as the color I could change the color.
I could set this up as main white for my whole banner like so.
So the whole text is going to be white.
And let's also add a little bit of padding on the sides.
So let's write padding 0 2 harems.
So that gives me this particular pattern.
And again I would like to point out that I have massively zoomed in.
So that's how it is going to look like 100 percent.
But I'm having 175 men right after the hero banner and hero title.
I'm gonna work with hero text that is going to be my paragraph where I'm going to say hero text and
let's go with with 85 percent so the width is going to be a little bit less than I would like to place
it in the center.
So I'm going to go for margin bottom zero and then all that is going to place it exactly in the center
again.
And then let's add a little bit of letter spacing and four letter spacing in this case I am going to
use my main spacing variable so let's say main spacing that has my variable and line height is going
to be in fact.
No you're not we already set this up.
Remember when we work with paragraph we already set this up as to so we can skip right now and then
run after the main spacing.
We're going to go with font weight.
And in this case we're going to go for 400.
So if previously all my paragraphs are gonna be in fact 300 on this case I'm setting this up as 400.
Now we are almost done with our extra small screen size.
However I would love also like to have some styles for my buttons and in this particular case since
I'm going to reuse the button I'm gonna set this up in a global start.
Now you don't have to technically you can set this up on course you can always access the class but
everything that I'm accessing in fact multiple times in my assess I would like to set up in my global
stars because that way it's a little bit easier for me to find it.
Now that is my preference.
You don't have to do it of course.
So let's write.
Button white and then what I would like let's go with text transform case like so then let's also add
right of way some letter spacing letter spacing so main spacing variable then we have a color.
So I'm going to go for the White one.
So var main white like so then let's also add a little bit of border so let's write more and I'm going
to go for two pixels solid.
And again we're gonna go for the main white and that is our color then we are gonna have a little bit
of padding.
So let's go top bottom zero point nine harems one point six left and right and then I would want it
to be display inline block so let's write display inline block because that way we're going to be respecting
the margins there are in fact added to the rest of the elements then also let's add maybe a little bit
of transition let's say transition is going to be I don't know main transition so let's write var main
transition.
So as we're hovering I would like to change the color on as far as the cursor while the cursor is going
to be deep winter.
Then once we have this particular setup what we would want.
Wow.
After that I would like to in fact also set up some hovering where as I'm hovering over the button white
I'm going to change the color as well.
So let's right here beat n Beatty can hover Beatty and white hover sorry Beatty and wide hover and as
we're hovering over it I'm going to change the background and the background is going to be men white
so mane white like so and color is going to be a primary color.
So far primary color like so.
So as we're hovering.
Notice that is in fact our button now.
While we're also going to set up like I said once we get to a bigger screen says I would like to place
in fact there a background image.
So currently what I have is in fact the background of just my color or what I would like to do is as
we get to the bigger screen size.
I would like to have a background image.
Now I'm going to head over back to my hero like so and I'm gonna set up the media query some would a
medium screen and then let's go with men with.
So we just need to come up with.
Well what would be the screen size where we're starting.
In fact our background as the image and I'm going to say 768 pixels.
So starting from 768 In fact we're gonna change it around.
We're hero is going to have a background.
However the background is not going to be just a color.
In fact we're going to set up a image.
Now I am missing and that's the reason why I have in fact the error and now everything should work.
So background.
Let's start by simply placing the.
You are all that is the syntax and then let's pass in our image.
Now we need to understand one thing though that since our style CSX is sitting within the systems folder
in order to access the images Wow we're gonna have to do some navigation where I have to leave in fact
myself as folder and then I'm going to put images online within the images we're shooting for this main
J.P. Morgan since it is our second project.
I really kind of expect that you remember our background properties if you don't.
Again please head over back tutorial where we cover them where I would like to right away place my image
in the center I would make sure that covers everything.
And I'm also gonna go for no repetition.
All right and I'm gonna set this as fixed.
So we're gonna have our parallax effect now in order to test that out.
I'm not going to make this particular screen size bigger but we're gonna head over back to our project
like so and as you can see once we get to the bigger screen size.
Well there you go.
We do have our image where previously we have course had our background color.
That's number one.
Then I would also like to increase my font size once I get the bigger screen size as well as make the
paragraph a little bit less with.
So I'm gonna set it up like let's say 70 percent.
So the way we do that within the media I'm going to set up as a hero title like so why don't we go for
font size.
I don't know.
Four point five rhythms like so as you say.
Now my text is massive and then like I said for the paragraph we already had a width of 80 percent initially
or 85.
Let's go for hero text and I'm gonna set this text as with of 80.
So arms are not 80 70.
So let's set this up.
And now it's sitting nicely within a center with a with of 80.
Then I would also like to place some linear gradient as a background as currently it's hard to see our
white text.
Right now the way we're gonna do that is in fact in front of the URL we're gonna write a linear gradient.
Then let's add comma and we can add whatever colors we'll like.
By default the first color we're gonna add is going to be our top color.
And then the bottom one is going to be our bottom color or I'm sorry the second color is going to be
the bottom color.
Now of course you can change in fact directions as well but I'm going to go with default one where the
top one is going to be RGA 63.
Two hundred eight.
And lastly two hundred twelve.
And then it's going to have the capacity of zero point seven.
That's my first color.
Make sure that you have the common between linear gradient and the URL as well as between the first
color and the second color.
And let's write our GPA that is of course my value and then let's write zero zero zero point seven.
So my bottom color is going to be black with opacity of zero point seven OK.
And there you go.
We have right now our linear gradient as well as the background image.
Now as far as flags box is concerned what we used while we had our properties for display of flux correct
and that was display flex.
So now our hero component or hero element is in fact display flex.
And then once we have that particular setup we also have in fact the case where I'm using justified
content so I'm gonna be placing right now the div Exactly exactly in the center correct.
And then I also place it horizontal in the center.
Now since we have all our text wrapped already within div we do need to set up a text line center.
Now lastly I'm noticing one thing that even though I went with margin zero so top bottom 0 and left
and right or for my paragraph to place it in the center you know what I'm also gonna add some margin
just for the bottom.
Now I could write all these four values here but I think it's just going to be easier I'm going to go
with margin bottom to our OEM's for my paragraph and then once we're done with setting up everything
with flux.
So that is as far as flex box is concerned.
Well then we used our background.
So once we get the bigger screen size then in fact we're getting our image.
So we're using your URL then we placed it in the center and make sure it covers there's no repetition.
It is fixed.
So in fact as we're going to start scrolling you'll notice that it is going to be a parallax effect.
And then of course we just increase the size for my hero title as well as make that text a little bit
less in a width so it sits a little bit more nicely in the center.
And once we're done with a hero element now we're ready to move on to our about section.